{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset77 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset77 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11700\viewh7540\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Release Notes
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\

\f0\b PreceptorTools\'aa\
version 1.0.5 
\f1\b0 \
\
30 day free trial\
\
February 2, 2004\
\
This software is being released as Freeware.  If you would like to distribute the software modules you create you will need to purchase a license from Messimer Computing, Inc.  You may not sell the modules you create with this software but you may distribute your derivative work to anyone for free.\
\
\
\
Every attempt has been made  to remove bugs, typographic errors, etc. There probably are still some of those lurking around.  Please notify me if you run into any problems using the software.\
\
Finally, this software has not been formally tested in any Windows environment.  Windows testing will commence soon.  Since PreceptorTools is a set of Revolution Stacks it should work in the windows environment without too much difficulty. I will be recruiting windows \'a7 testers in the near future.\
\

\f0\b Bug fixes and Improvements:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Changed name of "Begin" button on LM title screen to "Main Menu".  Made associated changes in the clickable text ot the About bGO.  Changed name of "Continue" button on Main Menu  screen to "Start".  Changed the name of the "Title" button on the Main Menu screen to "'Title Screen".  Made associated chanes to the clickable text and supporting scripts of the "instructions" bGO on the Main Menu screen.  Added  clickable instructional text to the "About" bGO on the title screen of the GM. Fixed more Windows related bugs associated with the functioning of the quizObjects toolkit. Added help information regarding the buttonPlayer Object.\
\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 What is PreceptorTools?
\f1\b0 \
\
Simply stated, 
\f0\b PreceptorTools 
\f1\b0 \'aa (pTools) is courseware development software. It is simple to use, but at the same time it is very powerful because it is fully integrated with Revolution\'aa software.  
\f0\b PreceptorTools
\f1\b0  will allow you to turn over educational projects in hours rather than weeks and will decrease professional Computer-based training (CBT) development timelines by an order of magnitude.  
\f0\b PreceptorTools
\f1\b0  is also an dynamic presentation tool that can be used in any instructional setting.  
\f0\b PreceptorTools
\f1\b0 's development is just beginning. Many new objects and toolkits are planned for the future. Because 
\f0\b PreceptorTools
\f1\b0  is built with Revolution, the modules you create with it can be distributed as standalone applications to Macintosh OS, Windows OS and and a host of Unix platforms.\

\f0\b \
How does PreceptorTools work?
\f1\b0 \
\
The current version of the PreceptorTools stack contains two prebuilt stacks (the Learning Module and the Generic Module) that are copied for you and used as the framework your lessons and presentations. The Learning Module contains a preset instructional design and the Generic Module does not. Each module contains  a Main Menu screen and 29 content screens.  In addition each module comes with a prebuilt navigation system. All you do is add text, images and the prebuilt learning objects supplied by PreceptorTools.  A complete lesson can be built without any programming at all.  Because PreceptorTools is built with Revolution software and requires it to function, you always have the Revolution Integrated Development Environment (IDE)  available if you wish to customize your work further. Use the PreceptorTools palette to speed up your development work and to access the online help system. Use the PreceptorTools Object Toolkits palette to make structural objects, quizzes and exams. What used to take weeks or months to accomplish with other applications can now be accomplished in minutes or hours and  
\f0\b without 
\f1\b0 typing a line of Transcript code.\
\

\f0\b How can you use PreceptorTools modules?\

\f1\b0 \
Here are a few examples of how you might use PreceptorTools modules:\
\
Create cross platform Computer based training modules for distribution on CD or via the internet.\
\
Create dynamic presentation tool with quizzes and video for use in the instructional setting.\
\
Create an electronic syllabus\
\
Quickly create a problem-based learning module to help a student understand a particular subject.\
\
Have students use PreceptorTools to create interactive presentations that can later be distributed to other students for review.\
\

\f0\b What is in this distribution.\

\f1\b0 \
The "
\f0\b PreceptorTools.rev"
\f1\b0  stack\
\
\pard\tx720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	This is the stack you use to create new learning and generic modules.\
\pard\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
The 
\f0\b "pTData.rev"
\f1\b0  stack\
\
\pard\tx640\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	This stack contains secure data and scripts and must be present in the Revolution folder for the RCB stacks to 	function. You are not allowed to modify this stack in any way other than as a consequence of the normal use of the 	software,\
\pard\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx640\ql\qnatural
\cf0 The 
\f0\b "revPTPalette.rev"
\f1\b0  plugin stack\
\pard\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx640\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	This stack is the plugin that contains the 
\f0\b PreceptorTools
\f1\b0  palette and the 
\f0\b PreceptorTools Object Toolkits
\f1\b0  palette.  	Both of these palettes will be continuously upgraded. Upgrading 
\f0\b PreceptorTools
\f1\b0  functionality will only require 	replacement of the old plugin with a new one.\
\pard\ql\qnatural
\cf0  \
Release notes file\
\
Read me file\
\
Really short instructions file\
\
IntroToRev Learning module:  This lesson teaches new Revolution users the key concepts they will need to know to use PreceptorTools.  \
\
PreceptorToolsTutorial module:  This lesson teaches you how to use PreceptorTools.\
\
PreceptorTools License Agreement:  This document explains your rights and obligations related to the use of PreceptorTools.  \

\f0\b \
Requirements:
\f1\b0 \
\
Revolution:  In order to function PreceptorTools requires that the Revolution IDE be running in memory. While PreceptorTools should work fine with older versions of Revolution, Classic: Rev 2.0.2,   OSX Rev 2.0.2 or greater are recommended as a minimum.\
\
System: 
\f0\b Macintosh
\f1\b0 : Classic & OSX: same requirements as Revolution. 
\f0\b Windows: 
\f1\b0 PreceptorTools has not been extensively tested with Windows.  At present there is no installer for Windows. Files can be manually installed.  If you want to try this version with Windows simply follow the installation instructions listed below. Formal testing in the Windows environment will commence soon. Expected release of the Windows qualified version is set for the second quarter of 2004.\
\
Multimedia:  If you wish to use the Movie Objects implemented by the PreceptorTools Object Toolkits palette you must have Quicktime 5.0 or greater installed on your computer. If you don't have Quicktime, go to the Apple Computer web site and download the software there. ( http://www.apple.com/quicktime/ )\
\

\f0\b Installation:\
\

\f1\b0 1. Double click the 
\f0\b PreceptorTools
\f1\b0 .sit stuffit archive\
2. Double click the PreceptorTools folder to open it.\
\pard\li282\fi-282\ri1055\ql\qnatural
\cf0 3. Place the "revPTPalette.rev"  stack in the plugins folder located in your Revolution program folder.\
4. Drag the 
\f0\b "pTData.rev"
\f1\b0  stack,  and "
\f0\b PreceptorTools
\f1\b0 .rev" Stack into your Revolution program folder.\
5. Place , the "Read Me" file and this file anywhere you choose.\
\pard\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\f0\b Startup:\
\
If your copy of Revolution is already running quit the application.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\li282\fi-282\ri1055\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
1. Now double click the 
\f0\b PreceptorTools.rev
\f1\b0  Stack to load it in memory. Revolution will launch as well.\
3. Click the \'d2Learning Module\'d3 tab. (or the Generic Module tab)\
4. Type a  name for the file that is being created and then click the \'d2Make a Learning Module\'d3 button. (or the "Make a Generic Module" button)\
\pard\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
A new Learning module will appear on your screen along with the 
\f0\b PreceptorTools
\f1\b0  Palette.\
\
\pard\li282\fi-282\ri1055\ql\qnatural
\cf0 5. Go to the main menu screen by clicking the \'d2Begin\'d3 button\
6. Use the help 
\f0\b index
\f1\b0  button to guide you through the development process.\
\pard\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
If you are lost or confused, open the 
\f0\b PreceptorTools
\f1\b0  tutorial and use that to familiarize yourself with the CBT development process using 
\f0\b PreceptorTools
\f1\b0 .  If you have not used this stack to this point it is strongly recommended that you do so BEFORE using  
\f0\b PreceptorTools
\f1\b0 .\
\

\f0\b Support:
\f1\b0 \
\
There are several sources of support that you will find useful. Please take a few moments to read the various text documents that come with this distribution of PreceptorTools.  These documents contain information that can speed up your learning.  The PreceptorTools palette that is launched every time you load a PreceptorTools module has quite a bit of application related information available at the click of a button. Access this by clicking the "Help" button at the bottom of the PreceptorTools palette. Finally, if you have an internet connection, you can connect directly to the PreceptorTools online reference hosted by Messimer Computing, Inc. This set of pages is the definitive resource for PreceptorTools.  There are two ways to get there: 1) type "http://www.messimercomputing.com/pToolsRef.html" into your internet browser or click the "window to the world" icon located in the title bar of the PreceptorTools "Help" window.\
\

\f0\b Tutorials:
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b \

\f1\b0 There are two tutorials accompanying this distribution.  The "IntroTo Rev.rev" stack is a tutorial for new Revolution users.  It introduces the Revolution IDE, some Revolution concepts and Revolution skills that would be helpful for you to know before you use PreceptorTools.  The PreceptorTools tutorial stack is a Learning module designed to introduce you to the PreceptorTools user interface and the development process.  If you take some time and reveiw both of these stacks you will save yourself a lot of time.\
\

\f0\b Known issues:\

\f1\b0 \
Because PreceptorTools is a Revolution stack and not an application it should work fine in the Windows environment.  While this version of PreceptorTools is reportedly more compatible with the Windows operating system, it still has not been extensively tested in that OS. There may be bugs of which I am unaware.  More formal testing will commence with the Windows environment soon. Feel free to offer any comments or to report any Windows related bugs or issues. Because PreceptorTools has not been tested thoroughly in the Windows environment you should expect to encounter some bugs.\
\
If you fail to install PreceptorTools according to the directions above it will not function properly. Place the stacks in the locations specified in the installation directions above and everything will work fine. Learning modules and Generic modules created with PreceptorTools can be located anywhere on your hard drive.\
\
The Objects contained in the PreceptorTools Object Toolkits will not function in stacks other than PreceptorTools modules. While you may be able to place them in non PreceptorTools stacks this is strongly discouraged and may cause your stacks to malfunction. Finally, we will not answer support questions regarding the use of PreceptorTools Objects with non-preceptorTools stacks.\
\

\f0\b Unlocking your software
\f1\b0 \
\pard\li282\fi-282\ri1055\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\ri1055\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This version of PreceptorTools will be fully functional for 30 days. After that time, it will cease to function unless it is unlocked with the appropriate registration key.  You may unlock this software at any time by obtaining a free license from Messimer computing.   PreceptorTools is undergoing continuous development so be sure to check the Messimer Computing website to ensure that you are using the latest release.  \
\
Here's how to unlock your software:\
\
1) Double click the PreceptorTools.rev stack to open it and launch Revolution.\
2) Click the "Help" tab once.\
3) Click the "Unlock Software" button once.\
4) Using the License information and registration key you received from Runtime Revolution type the Name, Organization and registration key in the fields provided.  Be sure that you type the information exactly as you received it from Runtime Revolution including spaces and punctuation. If you purchased a Hobbyist license Type "None" for your organization.\
5) Click the unlock PreceptorTools button once.\
\
If you do this correctly you will see a dialog box that says "registration successful".  If the dialog box says unsuccessful dismiss it and try again.\
\
When you register your software successfully the 30 day trial limits are removed.\
\pard\li282\fi-282\ri1055\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Thanks for taking the time to try PreceptorTools.\
\
Best regards,\
\
Steve\
\
Stephen R. Messimer, PA\
Messimer Computing Inc.\
208 1st Ave South\
Escanaba, MI, 49829\
\pard\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
PreceptorTools\'aa\
copyright Messimer Computing, Inc  2002-2004\
all rights reserved world wide\
\
Quicktime\'a8 is a registered trademark of Apple Computer, Inc. Revolution\'a8 is a registered trademark of Runtime Revolution, Ltd.}