{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10280\viewh7080\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 PreceptorTools\'aa - Read Me First\
2/2/2004\
version 1.0.5\
\
Please take a moment to read this. If you don't follow these directions your software won't work properly.\
\
Here's how to install and launch your software.\
\
Open the PreceptorTools folder.\
\
1. If you have a prerelease version of PreceptorTools installed on your system, remove all the old files from the Plugins folder and the Revolution Program folder and place them in the trash. Changes have been made to all the files in the new release. If you haven't used a prerelease version of PreceptorTools skip this step.\
2. Place the file "revPTPalette.rev" in the Revolution plugins folder located in the Revolution Program folder.\
3. Place the "pTData.rev" stack and "PreceptorTools.rev" stack in the Revolution Program folder. DO NOT place these files in subfolders or subdirectories of the Revolution Program folder.\
4. If you are using Revolution 2.0  or greater simply double click on The PreceptorTools.rev file icon. If you are using Revolution 1.1.1 double click on the Revolution application icon to startup your Revolution software then double Click the PreceptorTools icon.  If Revolution is already in memory quit the application and relaunch it so that the plugin loads.\
5. Click once on the Module tab.\
6. Click once on the Learning Module icon.\
6. Type a name for the lesson in the space provided and click the "Make a Learning Module" button.\
7. Read the License and Warranty Disclaimer.  If you agree to abide by the terms and conditions of the License click the "I Agree" button. PreceptorTools makes a copy of a lesson module stack, names it, opens it and displays the PreceptorTools palette.\
\
While you are at it now would be a good time to review the Release Notes document in the pTools documents folder. This document contains up to the minute instructions and other information you will find useful. If you are new to Revolution and PreceptorTools you will benefit by taking the tutorials that accompany this distribution.  Be sure that you install preceptorTools before you open the tutorials.\
\
Thanks for trying PreceptorTools!\
\
Best regards,\
\
Steve Messimer\
\
Messimer Computing, Inc.\
Escanaba, MI USA\
\
\'a9 Messimer Computing, Inc all rights reserved}